_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

First draft of about page, cleaning up repo + docs

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Software Development Engineer (AI/ML) at <a href='https://aws.amazon.com/q/business/'>AWS</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: pfp.png
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>126 W 41 St</p>
    <p>New York, New York 10019</p>

social: true

announcements:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true
  limit: 5

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true
  limit: 3
---

Hey there! I graduated from William & Mary (Class of '23) with
a Bachelor's in CS and a minor in Finance.
I'm super interested in exploring the intersection of technology and financial markets.
Feel free to take a look around the website and learn more about me!

Ever since I took my first CS class, I have been in love with coding and
all the bugs that come with it.
For me, the most exciting part of programming is the process of solving problems
through creative ideas and innovative approaches.

Lately, these have been some things that have gripped my interest:

- AI Agents
- dotfiles config (and DX)
- lazygit
- React Email
- Background/cron jobs
